Add stream ordered allocator (#3533)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/stream_ordered_allocator.rst

.. meta::
  :description:
  :keywords: stream, memory allocation, SOMA, stream ordered memory allocator

*******************************************************************************
Stream Ordered Memory Allocator
*******************************************************************************

> The Stream Ordered Memory Allocator (SOMA) is part of the HIP runtime API. It provides an asynchronous memory allocation mechanism with stream-ordering semantics. With SOMA, you can allocate and free memory in stream order, ensuring that all asynchronous accesses occur between the stream executions of allocation and de-allocation. Compliance with stream order prevents use-before-allocation or use-after-free errors, which would otherwise lead to undefined behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stream Ordered Memory Allocator (SOMA) is part of the HIP runtime API. SOMA provides an asynchronous memory allocation mechanism with stream-ordering semantics. You can use SOMA to allocate and free memory in stream order, which ensures that all asynchronous accesses occur between the stream executions of allocation and deallocation. Compliance with stream order prevents use-before-allocation or use-after-free errors, which helps to avoid an undefined behavior.
```

Advantages of SOMA:

- Efficient reuse: SOMA enables efficient memory reuse across streams, reducing unnecessary allocation overhead.
- Fine-grained control: You can set attributes and control caching behavior for memory pools.
- Inter-process sharing: Secure sharing of allocations between processes is possible.

> - Optimizations: The driver can optimize based on its awareness of SOMA and other stream management APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Efficient reuse: Enables efficient memory reuse across streams, which reduces unnecessary allocation overhead.
- Fine-grained control: Allows you to set attributes and control caching behavior for memory pools.
- Inter-process sharing: Enables secure sharing of allocations between processes.
- Optimizations: Allows driver to optimize based on its awareness of SOMA and other stream management APIs.
```

Disadvantages of SOMA:

- Temporal constraints: Developers must adhere strictly to stream order to avoid errors.
- Complexity: Properly managing memory in stream order can be intricate.

> - Learning curve: Understanding and utilizing SOMA effectively may require additional effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Temporal constraints: Requires you to adhere strictly to stream order to avoid errors.
- Complexity: Involves memory management in stream order, which can be intricate.
- Learning curve: Requires you to put additional efforts to understand and utilize SOMA effectively.
```

> Stream ordered memory allocator usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using SOMA
```

=====================================

> Users can allocate memory using ``hipMallocAsync()`` with stream-ordered semantics. This means that all asynchronous accesses to the allocation must occur between the stream executions of the allocation and the free. If memory is accessed outside of this promised stream order, it can lead to undefined behavior (e.g., use before allocation or use after free errors). The allocator may reallocate memory as long as it guarantees compliant memory accesses will not overlap temporally. ``hipFreeAsync()`` frees memory from the pool with stream-ordered semantics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can allocate memory using ``hipMallocAsync()`` with stream-ordered semantics. This restricts the asynchronous accesses to the memory to occur between the stream executions of the allocation and deallocation. Accessing memory outside this promised stream order can lead to undefined behavior such as use-before-allocation or use-after-free errors. The allocator might reallocate memory as long as the compliant memory accesses are guaranteed not to overlap temporally. ``hipFreeAsync()`` frees memory from the pool with stream-ordered semantics.
```

> The following example explains how to use stream ordered memory allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is how to use stream ordered memory allocation:
```

          hipFreeAsync(devData, streamId);

          // Synchronize to ensure completion.
          hipDeviceSynchronize();

          return 0;
      }

  .. tab-item:: Ordinary Allocation

    .. code-block:: cpp

      #include <iostream>
      #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

      // Kernel to perform some computation on allocated memory.
      __global__ void myKernel(int* data, size_t numElements) {
          int tid = threadIdx.x + blockIdx.x * blockDim.x;
          if (tid < numElements) {
              data[tid] = tid * 2;
          }
      }

      int main() {
          // Initialize HIP.
          hipInit(0);

          // Allocate memory.
          constexpr size_t numElements = 1024;
          int* devData;
          hipMalloc(&devData, numElements * sizeof(*devData));

          // Launch the kernel to perform computation.
          dim3 blockSize(256);
          dim3 gridSize((numElements + blockSize.x - 1) / blockSize.x);
          myKernel<<<gridSize, blockSize>>>(devData, numElements);

          // Free memory.
          hipFree(devData);

          // Synchronize to ensure completion.
          hipDeviceSynchronize();

          return 0;
      }

> For more details, visit the :ref:`stream ordered allocator reference <stream-ordered-allocator-reference>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see :ref:`stream ordered allocator reference <stream-ordered-allocator-reference>`.
```

Memory pools
============

> Memory pools provide a way to manage memory with stream-ordered behavior, ensuring proper synchronization and avoiding memory access errors. Division of a single memory system into separate pools allows querying each partition's access path properties. Memory pools are used for host memory, device memory, and unified memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Memory pools provide a way to manage memory with stream-ordered behavior, ensuring proper synchronization and avoiding memory access errors. Division of a single memory system into separate pools allows querying the access path properties of each partition. Memory pools are used for host memory, device memory, and unified memory.
```

> Memory pools provide a way to manage memory with stream-ordered behavior, ensuring proper synchronization and avoiding memory access errors. Division of a single memory system into separate pools allows querying the access path properties of each partition. Memory pools are used for host memory, device memory, and unified memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memory pools provide a way to manage memory with stream-ordered behavior while ensuring proper synchronization and avoiding memory access errors. Division of a single memory system into separate pools facilitates querying the access path properties for each partition. Memory pools are used for host memory, device memory, and unified memory.
```

Set pools
---------

> The ``hipMallocAsync()`` function uses the current memory pool, while also providing the opportunity to create and use different pools with the ``hipMemPoolCreate()`` and ``hipMallocFromPoolAsync()`` functions respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``hipMallocAsync()`` function uses the current memory pool and also provides the opportunity to create and use different pools using ``hipMemPoolCreate()`` and ``hipMallocFromPoolAsync()`` functions respectively.
```

Reviewer 3: My suggestion, to avoid word duplication in a sentence:

The ``hipMallocAsync()`` function uses the current memory pool and also provides the opportunity to create and access different pools using ``hipMemPoolCreate()`` and ``hipMallocFromPoolAsync()`` functions respectively.

Reviewer: I can't spot the duplication you are talking about.

Reviewer 3: "**use** different pools **using**"

Reviewer: I think its ok. If you want, you can change it to create and **utilize** different pools...although the former one works well for me.

Unlike CUDA, where stream-ordered memory allocation can be implicit, in AMD HIP, it's always explicit. This means that you need to manage memory allocation for each stream, ensuring precise control over memory usage and synchronization.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike NVIDIA CUDA, where stream-ordered memory allocation can be implicit, in AMD HIP, it's always explicit. This requires you to manage memory allocation for each stream in HIP while ensuring precise control over memory usage and synchronization.
```

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

    // Kernel to perform some computation on allocated memory.
    __global__ void myKernel(int* data, size_t numElements) {
        int tid = threadIdx.x + blockIdx.x * blockDim.x;
        if (tid < numElements) {
            data[tid] = tid * 2;
        }
    }

    int main() {
        // Initialize HIP.
        hipInit(0);

        // Create a stream.
        hipStream_t stream;
        hipStreamCreate(&stream);

        // Allocate memory pool.
        hipDeviceptr_t pool;
        hipMalloc(&pool, 1024 * sizeof(int));

        // Allocate memory from the pool asynchronously.
        int* devData;
        hipMallocFromPoolAsync(&devData, 256 * sizeof(int), pool, stream);

        // Launch the kernel to perform computation.
        dim3 blockSize(256);
        dim3 gridSize(1);
        myKernel<<<gridSize, blockSize>>>(devData, 256);

        // Free the allocated memory.
        hipFreeAsync(devData, stream);

        // Destroy the stream and release the pool.
        hipStreamDestroy(stream);
        hipFree(pool);

        return 0;
    }

> 

Reviewer: This code block is not visible on RTD. I have suggested a change. Please check if it is working after accepting the suggestion.

Trim pools
----------

> The memory allocator allows you to allocate and free memory in stream order. To control memory usage, the release threshold attribute can be set by ``hipMemPoolAttrReleaseThreshold``. This threshold specifies the amount of reserved memory in bytes that a pool should hold onto before attempting to release memory back to the operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The memory allocator allows you to allocate and free memory in stream order. To control memory usage, set the release threshold attribute using ``hipMemPoolAttrReleaseThreshold``. This threshold specifies the amount of reserved memory in bytes that must be available in the pool to allow memory to be released back to the operating system.
```

Reviewer 3: Information changed at second sentence. Kept the original one.

Reviewer: I am not sure if the original sentence is correct "This threshold specifies the amount of reserved memory in bytes that a pool should hold onto before attempting to release memory back to the operating system.". 
When you say pool should hold, then it means the pool actively holds or releases (which is not true). Does the pool itself releases the memory to OS? I don't think that a pool actively handles the holding and release of memory.

Reviewer 3: > Does the pool itself releases the memory to OS? 

No it's not, that's valid point. "Amount of reserved memory in bytes to hold onto before trying to release memory back to the OS. When more than the release threshold bytes of memory are held by the memory pool, the allocator will try to release memory back to the OS on the next call to stream, event or context synchronize. (default 0)"

Reviewer 3: The next sentence after the example code explains this. Maybe we can move that sentence up.

Reviewer: This threshold specifies the amount of reserved memory in bytes to be held into the pool before the allocator can release the memory back to the operating system. When the amount of memory held in the memory pool exceeds the threshold, the allocator tries to release memory back to the operating system during the next call to stream, event, or context synchronization.

Reviewer 3: Updated.

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    uint64_t threshold = UINT64_MAX;
    hipMemPoolSetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrReleaseThreshold, &threshold);

> When more than the specified threshold bytes of memory are held by the memory pool, the allocator will try to release memory back to the operating system during the next call to stream, event, or context synchronization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When more than the specified threshold of bytes of memory are held by the memory pool, the allocator will try to release memory back to the operating system during the next call to stream, event, or context synchronization.
```

> When more than the specified threshold of bytes of memory are held by the memory pool, the allocator will try to release memory back to the operating system during the next call to stream, event, or context synchronization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the amount of memory held in the memory pool exceeds the threshold, the allocator tries to release memory back to the operating system during the next call to stream, event, or context synchronization.
```

> For a better performance, it may be a good practice to adjust the memory pool size with ``hipMemPoolTrimTo()``. It can be useful to reclaim memory from a memory pool that is larger than necessary, optimizing memory usage for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance, it is a good practice to adjust the memory pool size using ``hipMemPoolTrimTo()``. It helps to reclaim memory from an excessive memory pool, which optimizes memory usage for your application.
```

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>
    #include <iostream>

    int main() {
        hipMemPool_t memPool;
        hipDevice_t device = 0; // Specify the device index

        // Create a memory pool.
        hipMemPoolCreate(&memPool, 0, 0);

        // Allocate memory from the pool (e.g., 1 MB).
        size_t allocSize = 1 * 1024 * 1024;
        void* ptr;
        hipMalloc(&ptr, allocSize);

        // Free the allocated memory.
        hipFree(ptr);

        // Trim the memory pool to a specific size (e.g., 512 KB).
        size_t newSize = 512 * 1024;
        hipMemPoolTrimTo(memPool, newSize);

        // Clean up.
        hipMemPoolDestroy(memPool);

        std::cout << "Memory pool trimmed to " << newSize << " bytes." << std::endl;
        return 0;
    }

Resource usage statistics
-------------------------

Resource usage statistics can help in optimization. The following pool attributes to query memory usage:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource usage statistics help in optimization. Here is the list of pool attributes used to query memory usage:

```

- ``hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemCurrent`` returns the current total physical GPU memory consumed by the pool.
- ``hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemCurrent`` returns the total size of all memory allocated from the pool.
- ``hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemHigh`` returns the total physical GPU memory consumed by the pool since the last reset.

> - ``hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemHigh`` returns the all memory allocated from the pool since the last reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemCurrent``: Returns the total physical GPU memory currently held in the pool.
- ``hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemCurrent``: Returns the total size of all the memory allocated from the pool.
- ``hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemHigh``: Returns the total physical GPU memory held in the pool since the last reset.
- ``hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemHigh``: Returns the total size of all the memory allocated from the pool since the last reset.
```

Reviewer 3: Information changed. Please check my suggestion.

Reviewer: I see that you have changed "held" to "consumed". Avoid using the word "consumed", if held by pool implies the same as consumed by the pool then use "held" as I have suggested.

Reviewer 3: Accepted your suggestion, because: "High watermark can only be reset to zero."

> You can reset them to the current value using the ``hipMemPoolSetAttribute()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reset these attributes to the current value, use ``hipMemPoolSetAttribute()``.
```

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

>     // sample helper functions for getting the usage statistics in bulk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Sample helper functions for getting the usage statistics in bulk.
```

    struct usageStatistics {
        uint64_t reservedMemCurrent;
        uint64_t reservedMemHigh;
        uint64_t usedMemCurrent;
        uint64_t usedMemHigh;
    };

    void getUsageStatistics(hipMemoryPool_t memPool, struct usageStatistics *statistics)
    {
        hipMemPoolGetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemCurrent, &statistics->reservedMemCurrent);
        hipMemPoolGetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemHigh, &statistics->reservedMemHigh);
        hipMemPoolGetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemCurrent, &statistics->usedMemCurrent);
        hipMemPoolGetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemHigh, &statistics->usedMemHigh);
    }

>     // resetting the watermarks will make them take on the current value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Resetting the watermarks resets them to the current value.
```

    void resetStatistics(hipMemoryPool_t memPool)
    {
        uint64_t value = 0;
        hipMemPoolSetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrReservedMemHigh, &value);
        hipMemPoolSetAttribute(memPool, hipMemPoolAttrUsedMemHigh, &value);
    }

Memory reuse policies
---------------------

> The allocator may reallocate memory as long as it guarantees that compliant memory accesses won't overlap temporally. Turning on and of the following memory pool reuse policy attribute flags can optimize the memory use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The allocator may reallocate memory as long as it guarantees that compliant memory accesses won't overlap temporally. Turning on and off the following memory pool reuse policy attribute flags can optimize the memory use:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The allocator might reallocate memory as long as the compliant memory accesses are guaranteed not to overlap temporally. To control overlapping of the compliant memory accesses, use the following memory pool reuse policy attribute flags:

```

Reviewer 3: Information changed. "The allocator might reallocate memory as long as the compliant memory accesses are guaranteed not to overlap temporally. To optimize the memory usage, disable or enable the following memory pool reuse policy attribute flags:"

Reviewer: Do these flags not control the overlapping of memory accesses? Because in the preceding sentence, we state that memory is allocated as long as memory accesses don't overlap. In that case, we should talk about how to ensure that the accesses are not overlapped. 
Using a sentence like "To optimize the memory usage,...." breaks the link between first and second sentence.

Reviewer 3: It does not control the overlapping, that's always guaranteed.

Reviewer: ok

- ``hipMemPoolReuseFollowEventDependencies`` checks event dependencies before allocating additional GPU memory.
- ``hipMemPoolReuseAllowOpportunistic`` checks freed allocations to determine if the stream order semantic indicated by the free operation has been met.

> - ``hipMemPoolReuseAllowInternalDependencies`` manages reuse based on internal dependencies in runtime. If the driver fails to allocate and map additional physical memory, it will search for memory that relies on another stream's pending progress and reuse it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``hipMemPoolReuseFollowEventDependencies``: Checks event dependencies before allocating additional GPU memory.
- ``hipMemPoolReuseAllowOpportunistic``: Checks freed allocations to determine if the stream order semantic indicated by the free operation has been met.
- ``hipMemPoolReuseAllowInternalDependencies``: Manages reuse based on internal dependencies in runtime. If the driver fails to allocate and map additional physical memory, it searches for memory waiting for another stream's progress and reuses it.
```

Device accessibility for multi-GPU support
------------------------------------------

> Allocations are initially accessible only from the device where they reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allocations are accessible only from the device where they reside.
```

Reviewer 3: Information changes. We need to keep "initially".

Reviewer: ok

> Inter-process memory handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interprocess memory handling
```

=============================

Inter-process capable (IPC) memory pools facilitate efficient and secure sharing of GPU memory between processes.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interprocess capable (IPC) memory pools facilitate efficient and secure sharing of GPU memory between processes.

```

There are two ways for inter-process memory sharing: pointer sharing or shareable handles. Both have allocator (export) and consumer (import) interface.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve interprocess memory sharing, you can use either :ref:`device pointer <device-pointer>` or :ref:`shareable handle <shareable-handle>`. Both provide allocator (export) and consumer (import) interfaces.

```

> Device pointer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _device-pointer:

Device pointer
```

--------------

> The ``hipMemPoolExportPointer()`` function allows to export data to share a memory pool pointer directly between processes. It is useful to share a memory allocation with another process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export data to share a memory pool pointer directly between processes, use ``hipMemPoolExportPointer()``. It allows you to share a memory allocation with another process.
```

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <iostream>
    #include <fstream>
    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

    int main() {
        // Allocate memory.
        void* devPtr;
        hipMalloc(&devPtr, sizeof(int));

        // Export the memory pool pointer.
        hipMemPoolPtrExportData exportData;
        hipError_t result = hipMemPoolExportPointer(&exportData, devPtr);
        if (result != hipSuccess) {
            std::cerr << "Error exporting memory pool pointer: " << hipGetErrorString(result) << std::endl;
            return 1;
        }

        // Create a named pipe (FIFO).
        const char* fifoPath = "/tmp/myfifo"; // Change this to a unique path.
        mkfifo(fifoPath, 0666);

        // Write the exported data to the named pipe.
        std::ofstream fifoStream(fifoPath, std::ios::out | std::ios::binary);
        fifoStream.write(reinterpret_cast<char*>(&exportData), sizeof(hipMemPoolPtrExportData));
        fifoStream.close();

        // Clean up.
        hipFree(devPtr);

        return 0;
    }

The ``hipMemPoolImportPointer()`` function allows to import a memory pool pointer directly from another process.

> The example code to read the exported pool based on the previous example is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import a memory pool pointer directly from another process, use ``hipMemPoolImportPointer()``.

Here is how to read the pool exported in the preceding example:
```

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <iostream>
    #include <fstream>
    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

    int main() {

>         // Assume you previously exported the memory pool pointer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Considering that you have exported the memory pool pointer already.
```

        // Now, let's simulate reading the exported data from a named pipe (FIFO).
        const char* fifoPath = "/tmp/myfifo"; // Change this to a unique path.
        std::ifstream fifoStream(fifoPath, std::ios::in | std::ios::binary);

        // Read the exported data.
        hipMemPoolPtrExportData importData;
        fifoStream.read(reinterpret_cast<char*>(&importData), sizeof(hipMemPoolPtrExportData));
        fifoStream.close();

        // Import the memory pool pointer.
        void* importedDevPtr;
        hipError_t result = hipMemPoolImportPointer(importData, &importedDevPtr);
        if (result != hipSuccess) {
            std::cerr << "Error imported memory pool pointer: " << hipGetErrorString(result) << std::endl;
            return 1;
        }

        // Now you can use the importedDevPtr for your computations.

        // Clean up (free the memory).
        hipFree(importedDevPtr);

        return 0;
    }

> Shareable handle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _shareable-handle:
Shareable handle
```

----------------

> The ``hipMemPoolExportToSharedHandle()`` is used to export a memory pool pointer to a shareable handle. This handle can be a file descriptor or a handle obtained from another process. The exported handle contains information about the memory pool, including its size, location, and other relevant details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To export a memory pool pointer to a shareable handle, use ``hipMemPoolExportToSharedHandle()``. This handle could be a file descriptor or a handle obtained from another process. The exported handle contains information about the memory pool, such as size, location, and other relevant details.
```

Reviewer 3: Commited.

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <iostream>
    #include <fstream>
    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

    int main() {
        // Allocate memory.
        void* devPtr;
        hipMalloc(&devPtr, sizeof(int));

        // Export the memory pool pointer.
        hipMemPoolPtrExportData exportData;
        hipError_t result = hipMemPoolExportToShareableHandle(&exportData, devPtr);
        if (result != hipSuccess) {
            std::cerr << "Error exporting memory pool pointer: " << hipGetErrorString(result) << std::endl;
            return 1;
        }

        // Create a named pipe (FIFO).
        const char* fifoPath = "/tmp/myfifo"; // Change this to a unique path.
        mkfifo(fifoPath, 0666);

        // Write the exported data to the named pipe.
        std::ofstream fifoStream(fifoPath, std::ios::out | std::ios::binary);
        fifoStream.write(reinterpret_cast<char*>(&exportData), sizeof(hipMemPoolPtrExportData));
        fifoStream.close();

        // Clean up.
        hipFree(devPtr);

        return 0;
    }

> The ``hipMemPoolImportFromShareableHandle()`` function is used to import a memory pool pointer from a shareable handle -- such as a file descriptor or a handle obtained from another process. It allows to restore a memory pool pointer that was previously exported using ``hipMemPoolExportPointer()`` or a similar mechanism. The exported shareable handle data contains information about the memory pool, including its size, location, and other relevant details. After importing, valid memory pointer is received that points to the same memory area. Useful for inter-process communication or sharing memory across different contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import a memory pool pointer from a shareable handle, which could be a file descriptor or a handle obtained from another process, use ``hipMemPoolImportFromShareableHandle()``. This function allows you to restore a memory pool pointer exported using ``hipMemPoolExportPointer()`` or ``hipMemPoolExportToSharedHandle()``. Importing the handle provides a valid memory pointer to the same memory, which allows you to share memory across different contexts.
```

Reviewer 3: Information changed and disappeared. Please check my version

Reviewer: The information "The exported shareable handle data contains information about the memory pool, including its size, location, and other relevant details." is already present in line 357. That's why I removed the duplicate sentence.

Reviewer: Also, isn't similar mechanism = hipMemPoolExportToSharedHandle()?

Reviewer 3: Talked with @matyas-streamhpc and we accepted your suggestion.

> .. code-block::cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: cpp
```

    #include <iostream>
    #include <fstream>
    #include <hip/hip_runtime.h>

    int main() {

>         // Assume you previously exported the memory pool pointer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Considering that you have exported the memory pool pointer already.
```
